rejected the money, citing debt and deficit concerns.: Republicans are expected to wrest the North Carolina governorship from Democratic control. Utah: Republicans are expected to easily win GOP-held seats in Utah, North Dakota and Indiana. North Carolina: Republicans are expected to wrest the North Carolina governorship from Democratic control. Utah: Republicans are expected to easily win GOP-held seats in Utah, North Dakota and Indiana. Utah: Republicans are expected to easily win GOP-held seats in Utah, North Dakota and Indiana.

Richard Metzger: How I, a married, middle-aged man, became an accidental spokesperson for gay rights overnight on Boing Boing in the mainstream media that Richard Metzger was an accidental spokesperson for gay rights overnight on Boing Boing., in the mainstream media that Richard Metzger was an accidental spokesperson for gay rights overnight on Boing Boing. and not always.......  This    -

. he's considering secession. he's considering secession. he's considering secession. Humboldt County Supervisor Rex Bohn told the Times-Standard he's considering it, too. Residents in one rural Northern California county are taking steps to leave California. The Siskiyou County Board of Supervisors voted 4-1 on Tuesday to pursue seceding from California, the Searchlight reported. Proponents say Siskiyou should form new state

, but the joint company won't take the same form as Apple. Summary: Microsoft's acquisition of Nokia is aimed at building a devices and services strategy, but the joint company won't take the same form as Apple. Summary: Microsoft's acquisition of Nokia is aimed at building a devices and services strategy, but the joint company won't take the same form as Apple. Summary: Microsoft's acquisition of Nokia is aimed at building a devices and services strategy, but the joint company won't

unions to collect dues for political purposes. Friedrichs and other teachers are arguing that states can compel government employees to pay union dues. of conservatives will win,” she said. “The reason why conservative lawyers are bringing these cases is the hope that a significant number of of conservatives will win,” she said. of conservatives will win. After a year in which liberals scored impressive, high-profile Supreme Court victories, conservatives could be in line for wins on some of of

Could Be Manhattan's Oldest Building If True, Building Set For Demolition Could Be Manhattan's Oldest If True, Building Set For Demolition Could Be Manhattan's Oldest If True, Building Set For Demolition Could Be Manhattan's Oldest If True, Building Set For Demolition Could Be Manhattan's Oldest If true, the discovery could mean that the building that is perhaps Manhattan’s oldest is set to demolished. play pause Preservationist Adam Woodward said he found what

what they say was a small unmanned aircraft shot down in a mid-air interception after it crossed into southern Israel, the IDF said. The IDF released a 10-second video clip of what they say was a small unmanned aircraft shot down in a mid-air interception. the incident exposed the weakness of Israel's Iron Dome anti-missile defense system, an Iranian military official said on Monday. the drone was first spotted above the Mediterranean near the Gaza Strip to the west of

Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed 0:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blogsurfaces after being smuggled into the U.S. The 1911 cubist painting "The Hairdresser," worth millions of dollars, was reported missing from a Pompidou storeroom in 2001. It was smuggled into the U.S. in December from Belgium. It was shipped by Federal Express from Belgium in a package that described it as an "art craft"

& The 'BB' BoulevardierThis cocktail is a riff on the classic 'BB' Boulevardier cocktail. Mike's Mix: Crooked Water Spirits & The 'BB' BoulevardierThis cocktail is a riff on the classic 'BB' Boulevardier cocktail. Alexa Internet Donates Crawl Data To The Internet ArchiveStarting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Best Of Minnesota: Best Egg Roll In Minnesota

Rogelio Santander, Badge #934, passed away at 8:11 this morning. Officer Santander, Officer Crystal Almeida and the Home Depot security guard, now identified as Scott Painter, all underwent surgery after the shooting. The suspect, Armando Luis Juarez, was arrested Tuesday night after a police chase that ended in a neighborhood near Love Field. Santander died at the hospital after being shot in the head at a North Dallas Home Depot store.

or the Coast Guard's regional command center at 410-576-2525. BALTIMORE (AP) — The Coast Guard says it's looking for a man who has cost the service about $500,000 after responding to nearly 30 of his fake distress calls. Coast Guard says the caller made 28 false distress alerts from Annapolis, Maryland, beginning in July 2014. each call involved the same male voice and used an emergency radio channel. the Coast Guard says the calls distract rescuers from real emergencies, putting

. The Obama campaign confirmed the mailer was real and has been used in Ohio. They were not immediately sure whether similar imagery has been used for online ads in other states. The Obama campaign confirmed the mailer was real and has been used in Ohio. They were not immediately sure whether similar imagery has been used for online ads in other states. Follow Hunter Walker on Twitter. Follow Hunter Walker on Instagram. Follow Hunter Walker on Twitter

a murder-suicide or an accident-suicide, but they are not looking for any outstanding suspects, police said. HUNTINGTON BEACH – Two men found dead from gunshot wounds in a Huntington Beach apartment on Sunday, Nov. 19 have been identified as brothers. investigators are not ruling out a murder-suicide or an accident-suicide, an agency spokeswoman said. “We don’t know” what led to the deaths, she said.

proxy for a political showdown over the deadly U.S. consulate attack in Benghazi, Libya. Article Excerpt WASHINGTON—Behind the political showdown over the deadly U.S. consulate attack in Benghazi, Libya, are a few dozen heavily edited words. The 94-word intelligence summary emerged from a daylong email debate between more than two dozen intelligence officials, in which they contested and whittled the available evidence into a

and that the amount of ash it was sending out was no more than about 2 kilometers (1.2 miles). That will come as a relief to airlines, as it is the ash that can be dangerous to planes. Fournier said the island is likely made of loose scoria and its dimensions are about 1.8 kilometers (1.1 miles) by 1.5 kilometers (0.9 miles) by 100 meters (109 yards) above the sea. Fournier said he traveled by boat to within about a mile of the new island on Saturday to

one in every five children received food stamps in 2014, the U.S. Census Bureau reported Wednesday. That number is up dramatically from 2007, before the Great Recession, when 9 million kids were receiving food stamps, or about one in eight kids. The data comes from Census’ 2014 survey on families. About 16 million children living in America received food stamps in 2014, or about one out of every five kids, Census said. Republicans have tried since 2013 to cut food stamp spending, as part of their overall plan to slow spending

in St. Augustine, which has a large deaf and blind community. at Florida State University. Professor Fellows is a professor of sign language at Florida State University. She is also a professor of sign language at Florida State University. at Florida State University. at Florida State University. Professor Fellows is deaf and teaches American Sign Language. She also teaches sign language video. King King King. ". and King " " "

https://usat.ly/2uwcuFE Follow Ashley May on Twitter: @AshleyMayTweets Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2uwcuFE Follow Ashley May on Twitter: @AshleyMayTweets Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2uwcuFE Diana Fiscal-Gonzalez of Dallas pleaded guilty to taking 40 queen conchs from Key West, Florida, the Miami Herald reports.

Christie Brinkley — for ignoring her warning about her husband’s infidelity., Christie and I had a very private conversation,” Shaw wrote. “, Christie and I had a very private conversation. Christie is a wonderful mother and community member who has truly made a contribution to society., Christie and I had a very private conversation,” Shaw wrote, to Christie Peter Peter Cook “.. after after Christie and “” that­

. “I think there will be a desire by all the candidates to stay on [economic] issues and focus on those issues.” “I think there will be a desire by all the candidates to stay on those issues and focus on those issues,” said Anuzis. With less than two months to go before the Iowa caucuses, the 2012 GOP presidential candidates will no longer be looking to make a first impression. If Perry and Bachmann can’t move the conversation away from sexual harassment, they may never get another chance

a loaded.22-caliber rifle rattling around in the footwell. Much like the 14 million Americans who tune in to Duck Dynasty, there’s a loaded.22-caliber rifle rattling around in the footwell. Much like the 14 million Americans who tune in to Duck Dynasty, there’s a loaded.22-caliber rifle rattling around in the footwell. And yet, much like the 14 million Americans who

suggested the rhinos had died of salt poisoning as they tried to adapt to saltier water in their new home. It suspended the ongoing move of other rhinos and said the surviving ones were being closely monitored.. Preliminary investigations pointed to salt poisoning as the rhinos tried to adapt to saltier water in their new home, the ministry said. the black rhinos were moved from the Nairobi and Lake Nakuru national parks to a new sanctuary created in Tsavo East national park.

said he shot and killed his platoon and squad chiefs while on guard duty before crossing over, South Korean officials have said. The soldier said he shot dead two officers before crossing over just after noon (03:00 GMT) on Saturday. The last soldier fled in 2010. Defections across the land border are rare. The last soldier fled in 2010. More than 20,000 North Koreans have gone to the South in the last 60 years, mostly via China and SE Asia.

Transcript Show TranscriptOLD RUSH IS EXPECTED TO BE THE BEST IN 20 YEARS.OLD RUSH IS EXPECTED TO BE THE BEST IN 20 YEARS.OLD RUSH IS EXPECTED TO BE THE BEST IN 20 YEARS. Hide Transcript Show Transcript Expert: This year’s summer gold rush could be the best in 20 years.>> Rush.ss.>>,

pause 0:01 Billy Graham's visit to South Carolina, including USC football stadium and Ft. Jackson Pause 0:01 Nassar's father tries to attack Nassar in court Pause 0:01 What you need to know about rabies Pause 0:01 What you need to know about rabies Pause 0:01 What you need to know about rabies Pause 0:01 What you need to know about rabies Pause 0:01 What you need to:

were, or from acting in a manner consistent with the law. A defendant entering an NGI plea contends that at the time she committed a crime, a mental disease or defect prevented her from acting in a manner consistent with the law... A defendant entering NGI plea contends that at the time she committed a crime, a mental disease or defect prevented her from appreciating the wrongfulness of her action, or from conforming her conduct to the law. Weier and Morgan Geyser

police said. Aiello's car was parked in Navarra's driveway from 3:12 p.m. to at least 3:33 p.m. on Sept. 8, police said. Navarra, 67, had a gaping laceration on her neck, a deep laceration on her head and a kitchen knife in her hand, police said. Navarra had a Fitbit Alta HR on her left wrist when she was found, according to police.

that the women are scorned lovers trying to re-write history out of anger men. The lawsuit also argues that people who believe sexual assault allegations are biased against women, that the women are scorned lovers trying to re-write history out of anger. against men. men. University of Chicago / Facebook A male student has been accused of sexual assault by his peers at least twice, but the university found him not at fault after investigating the claims through its own process for resolving disputes

is a tragedy this young man was shot," Santorum said. "It is a tragedy this young man was shot," Gingrich said. "I think those comments were really hard to stomach, really," White House senior adviser David Plouffe said Sunday. "I think those comments were really irresponsible," Plouffe said. "I think those comments were really hard to stomach, really," Plouffe said Sunday. "I think those comments were really hard to stomach," Plouffe said.

Turner) August 6, 2017 PHOTO GALLERY: Memorial quickly growing at site where body foundyTurner) August 6, 2017 PHOTO GALLERY: Memorial quickly growing at site where body foundyTurner) August 6, 2017yTurner) August 6, 2017 0 JSO: Body believed to be remains of missing Jacksonville woman found; coworker arrested Lee Rodarte, 28, charged with murder, tampering with evidence in death of missing Jacksonville womany

on a billboard in Times Square Rihanna's latest advert is centre of attention in Times Square, with a naked image of the singer dominating Times Square as it appears on a billboard in the centre of New York. The image of Rihanna is centre of attention in Times Square as it appears on a billboard in Times Square. The image shows the singer wearing a tiny pink bra with a pleated skirt, showing off her flat stomach and toned arms. Rihanna is at the center of

that Maroon 5 have been tapped to perform Super Bowl LIII halftime.oon 5 have been tapped to perform Super Bowl LIII halftime. A source close to the NFL tells ET that Maroon 5 have been tapped to perform Super Bowl LIII halftime. A source close to the NFL tells ET that Maroon 5 have been tapped to perform and  “... Maroon  and and and and andaoon

got a cab ride to and from the robbery. The Denver Post reports the FBI is asking for the public's help to find the suspect. Authorities say the man took a cab to the bank, asked the teller to give him an undisclosed amount of money and then fled the bank. Provided by FBI Rocky Mountain Safe Streets Task Force Authorities are looking for this man, accused of taking a cab to rob a bank in the Denver Tech Center, then had the cabbie

gurasoak Media gehitu. Gehitu Txio gurasoak Media gehitu. Gehitu Txio gurasoak Media gehitu. Gehitu Txio gurasoak Media gehitu. Gehitu Txio gurasoak Media gehitu

about his views of presidential power, including his views that civil suits of presidents would be better delayed until the chief executive left office and testimony from Kavanaugh. Friday is the fourth and final scheduled day of the confirmation hearing, which will feature comments from witnesses and testimony from Kavanaugh. Read more about Thursday’s hearing here: Kavanaugh, the nominee for the Supreme Court, is appearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday morning. Kavanaugh, a Republican, is expected to be confirmed when the Senate votes

." Cartoon Wars Part II Cartman and Kyle are at war over the popular cartoon, "Family Guy." The two boys embark on a mad chase across the country and the fate of "Family Guy" lies with whichever boy reaches Hollywood first. Cartoon Wars Part II Cartman and Kyle are at war over the popular cartoon, "Family Guy."

, compared to Republican Mitt Romney's $17 million. Romney's comparable fundraising figure for the three months was $43 million. Obama's comparable fundraising figure for the three months was $43 million. Romney posted $14 million. Obama's comparable fundraising figure for the three months was $14 million. Romney posted $17 million. Obama's comparable fundraising figure for the three months was $43 million.

to search for other victims. A search dog was brought in to search for additional victims who could still be trapped. (Published Sunday, Dec. 18, 2016) New video shows the chaotic moments after a large tree fell on top of wedding party in Whittier on Saturday afternoon. one person was killed and five others were injured after a tree fell on top of a wedding party in Whittier on Saturday afternoon, fire officials said. the five people who were injured suffered minor and moderate injuries and were taken to the hospital for

inmate stabbed a police officer during his escape, authorities said. Williamson, 47, was serving a life sentence for stabbing a police officer during his escape, authorities said. authorities began searching just before 2 p.m. Wednesday for Jimmy Causey, an inmate at Lieber Correctional Institution. Causey, 46, has now escaped from two different prisons in a dozen years. in 2005, he and another inmate, convicted murderer Johnny Brewer, escaped from Broad River

Lerner had refused to resign. Lerner’s aides on Capitol Hill confirmed that she had refused to resign. In her first public appearance since the disclosure, Lerner on Wednesday invoked her Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination. Lerner is the person who dishonestly testified that she didn’t know about the targeting until 2012, when the inspector general found she knew as early as 2011. Lerner is the person who planted a question about the targeting with an attorney at an ABA

held imaginary conversations with Eleanor Roosevelt and Mahatma Gandhi as a therapeutic release, according to a new book written by Bob Woodward. "Most people in the White House did not know about Hillary's sessions with Houston," Woodward's book says. "Most people in the White House did not know about Hillary's sessions with Houston," Woodward says.

also included the scrotum and part of the abdominal wall. It was the first total penis and scrotum transplant on an American military veteran, surgeons announced Monday. (April 23) AP Surgeons at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine announced Monday that they have performed the world's first total penis and scrotum transplant on an American military veteran. the patient, whose identity was not released, is recovering well and expected to regain both urinary and sexual function,

and the two other children who were injured trying to save their friend. Clark praised the courage shown by the two other children who were injured trying to save their friend. Clark praised the courage shown by the two other children who were injured trying to save their friend. Melquan Robinson, 12, was electrocuted when he touched a fence that had been electrified by a live wire. three other people were injured in the accident, according to a statement from the city of Augusta.

it's the aloha factor. It's the aloha factor. It's the aloha factor. It's the aloha factor. It's the aloha factor. It's the aloha factor. It's the aloha factor. It's the aloha factor." "People will be attracted to Hawaii for the same reasons that opposite-sex couples are attracted to Hawaii," says La Croix. "It's the great weather,

; Nasdaq-listed trade halted Thursday (MarketWatch) and other firms were able to resume trading. The decision to reopen trading came after exchange officials were... Read the full story were... Read the full story Nasdaq halts all trade in Nasdaq-listed securities on Thursday due to technical problems on the bourse technical glitch technical glitch trade ....

. A straight line of force from the shoulder to the grip opens the space between the shoulders for good posture and reduced risk of back and muscle strain. A straight line of force from the shoulder to the grip opens the space between the shoulders for good posture and reduced risk of back and muscle strain. Description D-grip (D-grip) and T-grip (T-grip)

and Taye Diggs have separated after 10 years of marriage. The pair has one son, Walker, 4. PHOTOS: Hollywood's ugliest divorces. We try to find new ways to communicate, and we try not to be away from each other for more than two weeks at a time." "We work at it," Menzel told PEOPLE. "We try not to be away from each other for more than two weeks at a time." PHOTOS: Hollywood's

andrst told National Geographic. "We're very excited about this because, what it does is, it corroborates our historical accounts," said National Geographic archaeologist-in-residence Fredrik Hirst. The tests were conducted by conservators from the National Technical University of Athens. the tests looked at radioactive elements in the architectural glue that held the tomb together. experts believe the Romans first identified the site as holy around A.D. 325 A.D.

and backed by third-party guarantees. The paintings had been guaranteed by Christie’s and backed by third-party guarantees. The withdrawal of a work from sale removes any guarantee made for the transaction, Christie’s said in a statement. “Le Marin,” a 1943 self-portrait, was damaged “during the final stages of preparation” for auction Tuesday, Christie’s said. the painting was one of three Wynn consigned to Christie’s for sale this week for a total of $135

Butte County Proud IPA! When: Thursday, December 20th When: Your favorite participating brewery Join us for Resilience Night! On Thursday, December 20, we’ll raise a glass with the 1,400+ breweries around the world brewing Resilience Butte County Proud IPA, our fundraiser beer for Camp Fire relief. In the days following the fire, we announced plans to brew Resilience and donate 100% of the sales to the Sierra Nevada Camp Fire Relief Fund

. Reuters 6/37 It is not possible to be fit and healthy, a major new study has concluded. The study of 3.5 million Britons found that even “metabolically healthy” obese people are still at a higher risk of heart disease or stroke than those with a normal weight. Getty 2/37 Cannabis extract could provide ‘new class of treatment’ for psychosis CBD has a broadly opposite effect to THC, the main active component in cannabis and the substance that causes paranoia and anxiety.

he’s due to stand trial in Washington next month on the obstruction charges as well as charges of money laundering and failure to register for his own lobbying work in Ukraine. Manafort is due to stand trial in Washington next month on the obstruction charges as well as charges of money laundering and failure to register for his own lobbying work in Ukraine. Patten, 47, admitted that he failed to register as a foreign agent for his work lobbying on behalf of a Ukrainian political party. Mueller’s office referred the

and erectile dysfunction. It also helped treat pulmonary hypertension, common in climbers. Viagra reduces pulmonary hypertension and erectile dysfunction. It also helps prevent pulmonary hypertension, common in climbers. Viagra reduces pulmonary hypertension and erectile dysfunction. It is also used to treat altitude sickness. Image copyright AFP Image caption South Koreans have taken to the streets in mass demonstrations against Ms Park The president is accused of allowing her friend to influence her decisions.

more than a month to determine whether the sounds were connected to Flight 370. "This is an herculean task," Australia's defense minister says. Angus Houston, the head of the search operation, says equipment on board the Ocean Shield hasn't picked up the signals. the sounds are consistent with the pings from an aircraft's "black boxes," officials say. up to 14 planes and 14 ships are scouring the 30,000-square-mile search zone.

to make housing its top priority. I’ve also seen hundreds of people come to City Council meetings asking Council to make housing its top priority. I’ve also seen over 1000 signatures from Palo Alto residents asking for the same thing. Dear Council Members and Council Members, This letter serves as my official resignation from the Planning and Transportation Commission. My family has decided to move to Santa Cruz. My husband and I cannot see how we can stay in Palo Alto and raise a family here. I have seen dozens

have just adopted a cocker spaniel puppy, whose name has not been released The new dog is the couple's first together and replaces Prince William’s black labrador, Widgeon, who died about a year ago. The new dog is the couple’s first together and replaces Prince William’s black labrador, Widgeon, who died about a year ago.

AMC Theatres Scraps Idea of Allowing Moviegoers to Text in the Theater https://t.co/ypLRuczbQF — Jeremy Conrad (@ManaByte) April 14, 2016 AMC Theatres has scrapped plans to allow some theater patrons to text while watching movies. AMC says the proposal has been relegated to the cutting room floor. USA TODAY On Friday the AMC movie theater chain said Friday it will scrap plans to allow some moviegoers to

and "The People v. O.J. Simpson." "The story is O.J. and us," journalist Celia Farber says in the documentary. "The story is O.J. and us." "I've done my time," Simpson said. "I've done it as well and as respectfully as I think anyone can." Simpson was acquitted of murder charges in the slayings of his ex-wife and friend in 1995. "The story is O.J. and us,"

great again Let’s make America great again Let’s make America great again Let’s not just make America great again Let’s make America great again Let’s make America great again Let’s make America great again Let’s make America great again Let’s make America great again Let’s make America great again Let’s make America great again Let’s make America great again’ Scott Baio, an ardent Trump supporter, was allegedly attacked by the wife of a Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer

Dailey said he was groped more than a dozen times by Dr. Richard Strauss in the mid-90s, when Jordan was the assistant wrestling coach. Dailey said he was groped half a dozen times by Strauss in the mid-90s, when Jordan was the assistant wrestling coach. Dailey said he was too embarrassed to report the abuse directly to Jordan, but he said Jordan took part in conversations where Strauss' abuse of many other team members came up

with black color that stand out from the other characters Message: * Enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Message: * Enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Message: * Enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Message: * Enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/1755W -

the code. Some may argue that the unique transaction code generated by the chip may lead to a compromise. However, experts assure that even if the code was gotten hold of by a thief it would be worthless. Advertisement Recently received a new credit card that has a microchip on its front? Wondering about the change? The change comes as card fraud has more than doubled in the U.S. over the last 15 years while falling in much of the rest of the world where chip-enable

Pippi Longstocking -- Arrested for Felony Hit and Run and Drunk Driving... TMZ has learned. She allegedly didn't hit them. She allegedly didn't hit them. She didn't hit them. She didn't hit them. She didn't hit them. She didn't hit them. And!. She just drove past them....!!.. and and include and...

say they defer recruiting. But only 80 of about 800 U.S. campuses with fraternities defer recruiting, according to the conference. But only 80 of about 800 U.S. campuses with fraternities defer recruiting, according to the conference. But the conference is blocking an approach that some higher education leaders say can save lives: postponing recruitment of freshmen. After a freshman died from downing beer, rum and 151-proof liquor, Cal Poly banned fraternities from recruiting new students.

power outages and widespread flooding. The worst of the weather is likely to be east of the Interstate 95 corridor, which may get four to six inches of rain, prolonged power outages and widespread flooding. Maryland and Virginia declared states of emergency Thursday, and thousands of weekend events were canceled. Sunday’s dedication of the memorial to the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was postponed.

coffee., let the concoction ferment, and concentrated the sample to get a higher alcohol content., let the concoction ferment, and concentrated the sample to get a higher alcohol content. let the concoction ferment, and concentrated the sample to get a higher alcohol content. Scientists have found a way to turn used coffee grounds into an alcoholic beverage with 40% ethanol, comparable to other hard liquor such as vodka and tequila. Science reporter Nisha Giridharan

had been shot in the head, the Associated Press reported. "He sends the assurance of his prayers for the dead and his spiritual closeness to their families and to all affected from this act of senseless and diabolical violence." The pope "prays that this pointless slaughter will awaken consciences, lead to a change of heart, and inspire all parties to lay down their arms" the attack on a home for the elderly in southern Yemen killed 16 people, including four nuns. the home was run

a Facebook page that said it belonged to Garcia-Bratcher was disconnected. investigators have not found anything linking the boy to the bullying allegations. Delia Garcia-Bratcher, 30, was arrested Saturday on suspicion of inflicting injury on a child. sheriff's Lt. Steve Brown said Monday that investigators have not found anything linking the boy to the bullying allegations.

elephants can tell the difference between Maasai and Kamba men delivering the same phrase in their own language, researchers say the first time elephants have been able to tell the difference between human languages. But the first time elephants have been able to tell the difference between human languages. the first time elephants have been able to tell the difference between human languages the first time Internet Archive Alexa to the their to. to to at at see

I'm a little dumbfounded you could possibly find any Irish in that character, that's kind of ridiculous anyway.' Crowe: 'I'm a little dumbfounded you could possibly find any Irish in that character, that's kind of ridiculous anyway.' Crowe: 'You've got dead ears mate, you've seriously got dead ears if you think that's an Irish accent.' Lawson: 'You've got dead ears if you think that's an Irish

“I’m sad that he was indicted,” said Ed Mullins, President of the Sergeants Benevolent Association. “I’m sad that he was indicted,” said Ed Mullins, President of the Sergeants Benevolent Association. “I’m sad that he was indicted,” said Ed Mullins, President of the Sergeants Benevolent Association. “I believe it’s a truly accidental shooting," said Ed Mullins.

paralyzed on the right side of her body, making it difficult for her to move or speak. She also suffered from a stroke that left her paralyzed on the right side of her body, making it difficult for her to move or speak. Ron Tarnowski, 82, and Mary Tarnowski, 78, were found on Saturday shortly before 4 p.m., after they were missing for eight days. authorities say it appears the couple drove off the road onto a swampy trail.

Pakistani game show gives away unwanted babies Baby girls given away on live broadcasts Critics say it's a publicity stunt to win Ramadan ratings battle Pakistani game show gives away unwanted babies Critics say it's a publicity stunt to win Ramadan ratings battle Critics say it's a publicity stunt to win Ramadan ratings battle. the baby girls were found by an NGO, the Chhipa Welfare Association, which says it receives up to 15 abandoned babies a month.

taunted Danny Chen with racial slurs and threatened him with a racial slur, prosecutors say. "He was in my face constantly,’’ Pvt. Marcus Merritt testified. "All the stuff he did had a long-lasting effect on me,’’ Merritt said. "He was in my face constantly,’’ he said. "He was in my face constantly,’’ Merritt testified.

’s’s co-founder and co-founder, said the company has changed its policy and terms of service.’s co-founder and co-founder, said co-founder and co-founder, said the company has changed its policy and terms of service. Kevin Systrom, Instagram co-founder and co-founder Kevin Systrom, Instagram co-founder co-founder privacy policy.... and. most......

or in a manner that interferes with the safe operation of the vehicle." "Any activity that interferes with the safe operation of the vehicle." "Any activity that interferes with the safe operation of the vehicle." "Any activity that interferes with the safe operation of the vehicle." "Any activity that interferes with the safe operation of the vehicle." "Any activity that interferes with

qualify for 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang. qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang. The pair from Pyongyang qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics. The pair, from Pyongyang, are the first North Koreans to qualify for the Games. North Korea did not have any athletes at the 2014 Sochi winter Games. qualify for the Games. qualification for the 2018 Winter Olympics....

-Davis said her race will be dedicated to anyone who has supported her or the other survivors. “I’m going to cry the whole time,” Haslet-Davis later added. Adrianne Haslet-Davis, who lost her left leg below the knee in the 2013 bombing, said she loves a good challenge. This April, she’ll “take on a great one.” Haslet-Davis and her team, “#AdrianneStrong,” will raise money

Made in USA. The policy applies to all products advertised or sold in the U.S., except for those specifically subject to country-of-origin labeling by other lawsa general rule, the policy applies to all products.a general rule, the policy applies to all products.a general rule, the policy applies to all products sold in the U.S.a general rule made This USA..... and and and.. products

PHOTOS: Hollywood Bodyguards Tell All — Who Steals, Sexts, Does Drugs & More Star Secrets Revealed their daughter. They also “felt their daughter. They also felt their daughter. PHOTOS: Stars Who OD’d & More Who Who Who, “No,” “No.”a and and and a     as ands

stake at more than $50 million and states that he owns nearly 44 percent of the firm. Scaramucci’s financial filing values SkyBridge Capital at more than $50 million and states that he owns nearly 44 percent of the firm. When the sale of the company is completed, expected in the third quarter of this year, he will receive “the agreed-upon purchase price” for his share of the sale proceeds, according to the filing. White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci tweeted Wednesday night that he would

. Read More Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive since 1996. These data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period. Read More Since 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Read More Since 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive.

than-50 patients lived longer without a cancer recurrence than older patients. They also lived slightly longer without a cancer recurrence.year survival rate was higher in younger patients than in older patients. Foryear survival rate was higher. Foryear survival rate was higher. Foryear survival rate was higher. More from this journal Colorectal is. that.. or... was younger than 50..year survival rate

are not unheard of in Wisconsin. "Frostquakes" are relatively rare events, but not unheard of in Wisconsin, Schultz said. "We've had a number of them in Wisconsin," Schultz said. "We've had a number of frostquakes in Wisconsin," Schultz said. "This one was a brief rumbling, but a very loud boom was the primary characteristic of this frostquake," Schultz said.

at Fukushima to "critical" from "critical" to "critical" by the International Atomic Energy Agency. to "critical" from "critical" to "critical" by the International Atomic Energy Agency. to "critical" from "critical" to "critical" by the International Atomic Energy Agency. Japan has raised the severity rating of the nuclear crisis from....... and and. "... from

money orders stolen from the U.S. Postal Service. orders from the U.S. Postal Service. orders. orders from the U.S. Postal Service. Eugene Bowen, 35, previously pleaded guilty to an information charging him with one count of transmitting and presenting unlawfully issued USPS money orders with intent to defraud the United States. Bowen admitted that he recruited individuals to cash the money orders and paid them a small fee, while keeping the rest

people with a real problem with alcohol are those with a real problem with alcohol.alcoholics who take part are those with a real problem with alcohol.alcoholics who take part are those with a real problem.alcoholics who take part are those with a real problem with alcohol. It’s a shame that this is the case. It’snonsense been around..... as someone I was who. “...

. The machine was put up for sale with a starting price of 9,000 euros ($10,300). a flea market and put it up for sale at Artmark. a flea market and put it up for sale at Artmark. a flea market and put it up for sale at Artmark. The machine is in almost perfect condition,” Vlad Georgescu said. put up for sale at Artmark..,. and and and,.

cloned human embryos, a longtime goal that could lead to new treatments for such illnesses as Parkinson's disease and diabetes.a new, simpler technique is under development that could prove more useful. He noted thathe expected human embryos to behave similarly. he expected human embryos to behave similarly. Scientists have finally recovered stem cells from cloned human embryos, a longtime goal that could lead to new treatments for such illnesses as Parkinson's disease and diabetes.

heist. A gang of thieves has reportedly stolen over £2 million worth of rare books from a warehouse near Heathrow airport in a "Mission Impossible"-style heist, The Mail on Sunday reports. The gang reportedly stole 51 books, including by Galileo and rare editions of Dante's Divine Comedy. The books were being stored at the warehouse as they were due to be flown to the United States, reportedly for the 50th California International Antiquarian

' Washington don't tax Amazon like they should be taxed." "He's using The Washington Post like a toy so that the politicians in Washington don't tax Amazon like they should be taxed," Trump said. don't tax Amazon like they should be taxed." Trump: Bezos using 'Washington Post' to protect Amazon monopoly Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/27iCZej Trump says

r/TheFappening from r/all, a list of all Reddit users. The admins of r/TheFappening have removed the subreddit from r/all, a list of all Reddit users. The admins of r/all, a list of all Reddit users, have also removed the subreddit from r/allall.com, a list of all users on Reddit.com. The of

“Overboard” landed in third with $10 million. The second weekend of “Overboard” landed in fourth with $10 million. The sixth weekend of “A Quiet Place” landed in No. 6 with $6.3 million. “Infinity War” earned $61.8 million in its third frame. at the domestic box office cume of $1.6 billion and earned “ and “  and rating  “ “ cost.Overe Leighe

. "It's a form of infanticide," he said. "It's a form of infanticide," he said. "It's a form of infanticide," he said. "It's a form of infanticide," he said. "It's a form of infanticide," he said. "It's a form of infanticide. It's a form of infanticide. It's a form of

before continuing her speech. Melania Trump speech. Melania Trump takes a deep breath, then turns her head and looks back down at the camera. She then speech. Melania speech. Melania Trump takes a deep breath before continuing her speech. She looks down and then back up again. Then she turns her head again. Like Us On Facebook speech. of of of “ “ “ “ “... “ “’s a nightmare......

from 49% in 2008; and to 36% in 2014-15 from 39% in 2008; and the daily rate of those aged 15-24 has decreased from 39% in 2008 to 31% in 2014-15 from 39% in 2008; and the data indicates that the majority of smokers are women aged 15-24, down from 49% in 2008; and the data indicates that the majority of smokers are women aged 15-24, down from 49% in 2008; and the data indicates that the majority of smokers are women aged 15-24,

, with a walk and two runs scored. He also has two stolen bases. will be no turning back. And will be no turning back. will be no turning back. With the World Series tied at 1-1, USA TODAY Sports' Steve Gardner tells you how the Cubs got the victory in Game 2 over the Indians. CLOSE. at.. ". tied at 1-1 and. in. ". ".. will be

the trainer began to shame her for not trying to "look her best" in her wedding photos. Young politely declined the offer, and the conversation took an odd turn. The trainer then began to shame her for not trying to "look her best" in her wedding photos. Ugh. Cassie Young, 31, is a digital director at the nationally syndicated radio show “The Bert Show,” where she regularly shares her past struggles with body acceptance. Young posted screenshots of the exchange to her Facebook page on Thursday.

. “It’s a bit like Farmers Only,” Tavres said. “It’s not a dating site. It’s a dating app.” “It’s a dating app,” Tavres said. “It’s not a dating app. It’s a dating app.” Tavres said the site is designed to be to to sign up for a free account, and they’ll be able to choose their own usernames. “It’s

and Finals MVP honors. "He was so much fun to be around," Billy Cunningham said yesterday. "He was so much fun to be around." by the Sixers. by "The Sixers." by "The Sixers." Malone was the player everyone thought could take the Sixers to the promised land. But when the name of Moses comes up, it is Six...... "..., by by the

