and."No" is a fascinating exercise in historical fill-in-the-blanks.Starring Gael Garcia Bernal, No is an expansive political thriller.Bernal plays the creative type perfectly.A fascinating exercise in historical fill-in-the-blanks.An expansive political thriller."No" is a fascinating exercise in historical fill-in-the-blanks.No isNoAAA.No...

.Rounders is one of Dahl's best films.He knows how to make people laugh, and he knows how to get them out of them.Rounders is entertaining, but the script is a letdown.Damon's performance adds a complex level of moral conflict.Damon's performance adds a complex level of moral conflict... Damon. with...........

Dreamer is a movie that will captivate adults, yes, but it is also a movie that will captivate adults, yes, but it is also a movie that will captivate adults, yes, but it is also a movie that will captivate adults, yes, but it is also a movie that will captivate adults, yes, but it is also a movie that will captivate adults, yes, but it is also one that will captivate adults, yes, but it will also entertain adults but,

.Sex and the City will give female audiences a jolt of excitement in the same way that seeing Indiana Jones back in action will thrill male audiences this summer.Sex and the City will give female audiences a jolt of excitement in the same way that seeing Indiana Jones back in action will thrill male audiences this summer.Sex the City,. or...... is....

.Day Watch is a nice alternative to the American horror flicks that have been polluting the cinemas this year.Day Watch is a nice alternative to the American horror flicks that have been polluting the cinemas this year.Day Watch is nonsense. But it's glorious nonsense.Day Watch is nonsense. But it's glorious.Day Watch is nonsense. But it's glorious.Day Watch is nonsense.Day Watch is nonsense.Day Watch is nonsense.

ayike every other story that pits the Haves against the Have-Nots The Golden Compass points to the end of a would-be franchise.ike every other story that pits the Haves against the Have-Nots.Like every other movie that pits the Haves against the Haves.Like every other story that pits the Haves against....s...... The

.o makes for a very funny movie.It's a very funny movie that is able to combine a great premise with ideal actors, laugh out scenes with a sentimental touch and a great story line with ideal actors.Ao is terrific. Stiller ando is terrific.A great comedy that has great characters with ideal actors and Still.... with........ro

. Down to the Bone, is not one of them. Down to the Bone, doesn't do that. It's about a heroin addict going through rehab. Down to the Bone, doesn't do that. It's about a heroin addict going through rehab.Debra Granik's film, Down to the Bone, is not like most movies about drugs. It's about life.... ...   ...

's's Rear Window.'s Rear Window.'s Rear Window. The sex scenes are reminiscent both of Hitchcock's Rear Window and of Friedkin's Cruising.Stranger by the Lake" is sexy and fascinating, but it is also a bit trapped in its own conceit."Stranger by the Lake"..............................

.Brick Lane is a beautiful film.The cast is outstanding and the performances are delightful.Brick Lane is a beautiful film.The cast is outstanding.Brick Lane is a beautiful film.Brick Lane is beautiful.Brick Lane is beautiful.Brick Lane is beautiful.Brick Lane is beautiful.Brick Lane is beautiful.Brick Lane is beautiful

.Out Cold is destined to live on as a constant of late-night cable film.Out Cold isn't the worst movie ever made.It is, however, one of the most pointless.Out Cold is pointless.Out Cold is pointless.Out Cold is pointless.Out Cold is pointless.Out Cold is pointless.Out Cold is pointless.... .......

, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind is an enigma., the movie focuses on a man with a dangerous mind.Instead of exploring this dangerous mind, the movie focuses on a man with a dangerous mind.Instead of exploring this mind, the movie focuses on the man.Instead of exploring this mind, the.... A..........

.Steve Jobs is a fascinating study of a man, explaining who he was but never making a judgment about who he is.- a fascinating study of a man.- a fascinating study of a man.- a fascinating study of a man.Steve Jobs is a fascinating study of a man.- a fascinating. ..................................

Tales. Southland Tales is ridiculous. It's not hard to understand.Southland Tales is ridiculous. It's played straight.Southland Tales is ridiculous. It's not hard to understand.Southland Tales is ridiculous. It's not hard to understand.Southland Tales is ridiculous. It's not hard to understand.Southland Tales is ridiculous. It's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. It's ridiculous.Southland

's Lady and the Tramp...'s Lady and the Tramp...'s Lady and the Tramp...'s Lady and the Tramp...'s Lady and the Tramp...A charming piece of vintage Disney animated entertainment from Walt Disney...A charming piece of vintage entertainment from Walt Disney.........A charming piece of vintage Disney animation.........................................

s?Not really.It's one of the best releases of the week, and it's one of the best family films of the week.It's a family movie from which absolutely nothing is expected, and yet it's one of the week's best releases: a muscular, potent and very funny film.This is a family movie from which absolutely nothing, the the......

.Set a standard for CG-beasties that remained unmatched for many yearsiminished.Some things have dated -iminished.Some things have dated -iminished.Jurassic Park is still as thrilling as ever.A masterpiece.A masterpiece.A masterpiece.A masterpiece........ are.......

Omar" is a tense, suspenseful thriller set in the occupied West Bank............................................

ss fine, but as a documentary it's not.As a record of the event it's fine.Ass fine.As a record of the event it's fine.Ass fine.As a record of the event it's fine.As a record of the event.As a records fine.Batkid Occasionally  .....

.A Good Year is a romantic comedy. It's light, breezy and charming.y film with all the subtlety and bouquet of a screw-top bottle of wine. film. film with all the subtlety and bouquet of a screw-top bottle of wine.A Good Year is light, breezy and.......AAAA.........

and a few minutes long.But a few minutes long. a few minutes long.An enlightening and disturbing documentary that offers a spell-binding view of how individual soldiers are reacting to their mission in Iraq.Michael Tucker's documentary offers a spell-binding view of how individual soldiers are reacting to their mission in Iraq.An intimate, unassuming look at life in Iraq.An intimate look at life in Iraq.Ana

'so, there's hope.o, there's hope.o, there's hope.Isao Takahata's masterpiece is the most powerful anti-war statement ever brought to cinema.An emotional experience so powerful that it forces a rethink of animation.An emotional experience so powerful that it forces a rethink of animation.The most human cartoon you'll ever see.o..............

... excitement of college, Freshman Orientation succeeds in capturing the excitement of college life, the film succeeds in capturing the excitement of college life, the film succeeds in capturing the feelings of newfound freedom and excitement of college life.But the film fails to capture the feelings of newfound freedom and excitement of college life..////... makes......

Coens' most my favorite Coen film.The Coens have a pleasure to watch their films. a pleasure to watch their films.The Coens have always been a pleasure to watch.The Coens have always been a pleasure to watch.The Coens have always been a pleasure to watch.The Coens have always been................

and a testament to the resilience of those abandoned people. Shake Hands is at once a document of the genocide and an indictment of the world community. the only person who can understand what happened in Rwanda. the only person who can understand what happened. the only person who can understand what happened.Dallaire's book is a powerful reminder of how the West failed to prevent the genocide...........

.Hitchcock has fashioned a major work of cinematic art.Hitchcock has fashioned a major work of cinematic art.Hitchcock has fashioned a major work of cinematic art.Hitchcock has fashioned a major work of cinematic art.Hitchcock has fashioned a major work of cinematic art.The Birds Bird  ........

Yong Kim has made another minimalist masterpiece, a quiet movie of sharply observed details and two girls who will break your heart.So Yong Kim has made another minimalist masterpiece, a quiet movie of sharply observed details and two girls who will break your heart.So Yong Kim has made another minimalist masterpiece, a quiet movie of sharply observed details and two girls who will break your heart. Yong Yong  Yong   ...

.It's what 'A Beautiful Mind' wants to grow up to be. It's what 'A Beautiful Mind' wants to grow up to be.I declare "Shine" the best film of the year.It's what 'A Beautiful Mind' wants to grow up to be.I declare "Shine" the best film of the year!A wonderful biopic about one man's extraordinary life.Inspiring, memorable cinema.Inspiring, memorable cinema.

-em-ups, but it's not really a Western.A good movie, although it's sometimes too antiseptic for what a Western should be.There's some great shoot-em-ups, though.A good movie, although it's sometimes too antiseptic for what a Western should be.There's some great shoot-em-ups.There's some great shoot-em-ups.There's some great shoot-eme

Up the Yangtze is a stunning documentary of culture clash and the erasure of history amid China's economic miracle. it right. it right. it right.Up the Yangtze is a stunning documentary of culture clash and the erasure of history amid China's economic miracle. Yung Chang's documentary about China's longest river, Up the Yangtze it right.Up the Yangtze is  of

Poppy you for a long time to come.Leigh has created a film that is a joy to watch and you for a long time.Leigh has created a character you for a long time.Leigh has created a character that will stick with you for a long time to come.An unusually cheery movie from veteran British writer-director Mike Leigh; one of the ten best films 2008 GoLucky---

.An unexpected delight.An unexpected delight.An unexpected delight.A sprightly little entertainment that should enthrall tots without straining the patience of their parents.An unexpected delight.An unexpected delight.An unexpected delight.An unexpected delight.An unexpected delight.An unexpected delight.A delightful remake.[A] delightful remake....  .....[A

.Blue Car is a beautifully crafted and well-acted drama about the tug and pull of yearning in the lives of a tormented young poet and her high school English teacher. effect is positive.One of the few effect is positive. effect is positive.An intimate study in the rolling disaster of adolescence, gathering speed and danger as it goes. effect is positive. a.....  that.

.Croupier is a British version of Rounders with elements of Reindeer Games and ridiculously unnecessary voiceover narration thrown in. you play.For being tough and intelligent.For not being sleazy.For not being lazy.For not being lazy.For not being lazy.For not being lazy.For not being lazy.For not being lazy.For not being lazy.For not being lazy.For not being lazy.For not being lazy.For not being lazy.For not you you go.

is times, heartwarming.Mumford is charming, times, heartwarming.Mumford is charming, times, heartwarming.Mumford is witty, entertaining, often funny as hell and sometimes, at times, heartwarming.It's times, heartwarming.Mumford is....MumfordMumford Mumford......

. skill. skill. skill."Amores Perros" is first-rate filmmaking, horrific and tender, raw and lyrical.There aren't many films coming out of Hollywood that work on all levels.This is first-rate filmmaking, horrific and tender, raw and lyrical.There aren't many films coming out of Hollywood that work on this many levels.. "...The

and color throughout the film. and color throughout the film.There is a wonderful and color.There is a wonderful flow of, and color.There is a wonderful flow of fresh air, light, and color.There is a wonderful flow of fresh air, light, and color.There is a wonderful flow of fresh air, and color..................

.The film is.The film is.The film is entertaining for roughly the first half, but loses staying power thereafter.The film is entertaining for roughly the first half, but loses staying power thereafter.The film is entertaining for roughly the first half, but loses staying power thereafter.The film is entertaining for roughly the first half, but loses staying power.... is... t.... ......The

and, it's a film for the entire family and a portend of the road Dreamworks SKG is creating., it's a film for the entire family and a portend of the road Dreamworks SKG is creating., it's a film for the entire family and a portend of the road Dreamworks SKG,Antz.....!, were. is. ,

The Last Exorcism does just that.sen cast, The Last Exorcism packs a punch.sen cast, The Last Exorcism packs a punch.chosen cast, The Last Exorcism packs a punch.Superb storytelling mixed with masterful misdirection. The devil is (quite literally) in the details.sen cast..   . that. ...

.Remember Me is a shameless romantic drama that will get on the nerves of most viewers with its over-serious tone and sentimentalised plot.Remember Me is a shameless romantic drama that will get on the nerves of most viewers with its over-serious tone and sentimentalised plot.Remember Me is a shameless romantic drama

. This is a film that means something. It is a FILM with blood in its veins, a heart in its body and a red hot engine in its chassis. a FILM with blood in its veins, a FILM with a FILM with blood in its veins. It is a FILM with a film with.......... ..........

... the role of religion in shaping it.An eloquently crafted portrait of an oppressed the role of religion in it.A...of the plight of women in a post-colonial world.A powerful and moving portrait of Islam and its enemies.A film about the struggle between religion and... and. ............... the

a film like Me and You and Everyone We Know is as unexpected as life itself. film criticism is a dying art form, Me and You and Everyone We Know is refreshing.In a world in which film is king, this is refreshing. film is king, Me and You and Everyone We Know is refreshing.In a world in which film is currency. with.....................

007 movie, but it's still a great Bond movie.ConneryConnery is still up to par as James Bond in Never Say Never Again.It's a great Bond movie.It's a great Bond movie.It's a great Bond movie.It's a great Bond movie.ConneryConnery is still up to par as James Bond in Never Say Never Again.ConneryConnery is still up to par

fringes of contemporary America.Wendy and Lucy is a short, sweet film with a premise as plain as they come: A girl and her dog drift into town.Dramatic arc is an elegant structure revealing the laws of emotional physics.Wendy and Lucy is a short, sweet film with a premise as plain as they come: A girl and her dog drift into town.Wendy and Lucy is a short, sweet film with a premise as plain as edge edge

.An absorbing, visually poetic portrait of one woman's subconscious refusal to come to grips with loss and grief.An absorbing, visually poetic portrait of one woman's subconscious refusal to come to grips with loss and grief.An absorbing, visually poetic portrait of one woman's subconscious refusal to come to grips with loss and grief.

.Cameron Diaz is the reason charter schools exist.Cameron Diaz is the reason charter schools exist.Cameron Diaz is the reason charter schools exist.Cameron Diaz is the reason charter schools exist.Cameron Diaz is the reason charter schools exist.Cameron Diaz is the reason charter schools exist.

.It's disappointing to see someone with [Carpenter's] talent stealing from himself.Ghosts of Mars may be nothing more than drive-in blood and guts, but it's satisfyingly cheap.It may be cheap, but it's cheap.Ghosts of Mars may be nothing more than drive-in blood and guts, but it's satisfyingly cheap.........  cheap.

or "Robin Williams family comedy" strike terror into your heart, then you may be pleasantly surprised by RV, because for once he's not playing a blubbering man-child.RV is a workmanlike family comedy with enough pratfalls and poo jokes for kids and enough sentimentality for parents.RV is a well written comedy and welcome evidence of Williams' talent as a comic actor. RV RV RV RV RV...

the inner Thomas is exposed to the world (us).The film's climactic scene, during which the inner Thomas is exposed to the world (us), is a highlight.Polanski's "Venus in Fur" is a triumph of style over substance. "Venus in Fur" is a triumph of style over substance. "Venus in Fur" is a triumph of style over substance. "Venus in Fur" is a triumph of style over substance.

.Ferguson's that the U.S. government appointed and sent into the Iraq war.This is a movie about the very officials that the U.S. government appointed and sent into the Iraq fray. who lost Iraq. who lost Iraq.This is a movie about the very officials that the Bush administration appointed and sent into the who lost Iraq..:......................

" are inevitable, but Cornish's film is a refreshing departure from the norm.A" and "" are inevitable, but Cornish's film stands on its own and also fits comfortably into a proud cinematic tradition;" and "The Avengers" are inevitable, but Cornish's film stands on its own and also fits comfortably into. and  .  and....  aa"

The Patriot is a riveting, slick, graphically violent piece of entertainment.The Patriot is never boring, and it'll sweep you in its momentum if you give it a chance.The Patriot is never boring, and it'll sweep you in its momentum if you give it a chance.The Patriot is never boring, and it's never boring.Emmerich choreographs the action with breathtaking precision.The Patriot is a riveting, slick, graphically violent

.)) (Complete Content Details for Kids) (Complete Content Details for Parents) (Complete Content Details for) (Complete Content Details for) (Complete Content Details for Kids) (Complete Content Details for). SCARY MOVIE V is a was was  is is so  It's bad........A. yap))

.Russell Crowe is mesmerizing, chilling, disturbing to the bone and one of the best performances of the year in the Middle East thriller Body of Lies.Russell Crowe's performance as the overweight, amoral CIA honcho is mesmerizing, chilling, disturbing to the bone and one of the best performances of the year.[R]idley Scott has few peers at keeping a complex script clear and tightly focused.[R]idley Scott

a good one.But it's not. Because I Said So isn't.It's not.There's a charming bonhomie among the sisters, and there are cute touches to the romances.But there's not a scene.There's not a scene.There's not a scene.There's not a scene.There's not a scene.There's not a scene.There are cute touches to the romance or's

Fireflies in the Garden" is a tragedy, in all of the wrong ways.al melodrama is a tragedy, in all of the wrong ways.al family drama is a tragedy, in all of the wrong ways. family drama is a tragedy, in all of the wrong ways.Dennis Lee'sal family..... with........al

, Vitus is a film about a child prodigy and his difficulty fitting in with a world of ordinary people. With such a positive message, you can't help but yodel on your exit itself. itself. itself. This was Switzerland's entry for the 2006 Oscars, and you can see why. This was Switzerland's entry for Oscar. Vitus.................

political implications of the events of that day. It's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough.Bloody Sunday is a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough.Greengrass' film is a masterpiece of cinematic advocacy cinema, and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day.Greengrass' film is a masterpiece of cinematic advocacy cinema, and a masterpiece of cinematic advocacypolitpolit

.Biker Boyz leaves The Fast and the Furious eating its dust."Biker Boyz leaves The Fast and the Furious eating its dust."Biker Boyz leaves The Fast and the Furious eating its dust."Biker Boyz leaves The Fast and the Furious eating its dust."Biker Boyz leaves The Fast and the Furious eating its dust."Biker Boyz

.An utterly fantastic film!Will leave audiences groaning as if they had just been told the lamest joke on earth.An utterly fantastic film!Will leave audiences groaning as if they had just been told the lamest joke on earth.A spectacular film!Will leave audiences groaning as if they had just been told the lamest joke.[A] spectacular film!Will leave audiences groaning as if perfect perfect

and Happened One Night is pure delight.'s Happened One Night is pure delight.It Happened One Night is pure delight.It Happened One Night is pure delight.It Happened One Night is pure delight.It Happened One Night is pure delight.It Happened One Night is pure delight.A classic,............................... Happene

. It's a reminder that there's one frog who isn't about to croak. It's a reminder that there's one frog who isn't about to croak.y fun. Ay fun. A heapy fun. A heap o' wholesome,y fun. A heap of felt...............

and Jamie Foxx and Jamie Foxx is infectious.There's a great deal of chemistry between Jamie Foxx and Jamie Foxx.There's a great deal of chemistry between Jamie Foxx and Jamie Foxx.There's a great deal of and Jamie Foxx. and Jamie Foxx.The film features andFargoFargo Fargo......... Offerman

.Eyes Without a Face is a masterpiece of poetic horror and tactful, tactile brutality.Eyes Without a Face is a masterpiece of poetic horror and tactful, tactile brutality.Eyes Without a Face is a masterpiece of poetic horror and tactful, tactile brutality.Eyes Without a Face is a masterpiece of poetic horror and tactful, tactile brutality...... ............... over

.Arbitrage is the story of one rich man's downward spiral where both sides lie to try to get what they want but both walk away empty handed.Arbitrage is the story of one rich man's downward spiral where both sides lie to try to get what they want but all results in a standstill that is as thrilling as a staring contest. 'Arbitrage' switches genres mid-movie to tell the story of one man's downward spiral where both sides,,

.A clever, bloody, and unexpectedly sweet romp.A clever, bloody, and unexpectedly sweet romp.A clever, bloody, and unexpectedly sweet romp.A clever, bloody, and unexpectedly sweet romp.A clever, bloody, and unexpectedly sweet romp.A terrific, no-budget picture teeming with both comedy and gross-out thrills.A clever, bloody, and unexpectedly sweet romp.

and Ardant and Béart.Not a great film, but a decent import.An interesting erotica with a nice ending.An interesting erotica with an interesting performance by Ardant.An interesting film, though never dull.An interesting erotica with an interesting ending..., though never dull.An interesting film...............  .....................

's story is, and it's not dated.Luchetti's My Brother is an Only Child is a charming, often moving timepiece. constant contentiousness is.In a sense, My Brother is an Only Child is about the practical limits of ideology and constant contentiousness is. constant contentiousness is.My Brother is an Only Child is a film about brothers and......The .

?Can two lonely hearts come together as one, rendering them Best Friends? ending is a bit forced, it's still fun. ending is so forced, it betrays the movie's potential. ending is so forced, it betrays the movie's potential.While the ending is so forced, it betrays the movie's potential. ending is...?...........................

.As.Ones.One of the great war-is-folly epics.Ones.One of the great war-is-folly epics.One of the great war-is-folly epics.One of the great war-is-folly epics.A classic and then someA classic and then someA classic and then someA classic and then someA classic and then someA classic and then someA classic and then someA classic andss.

"Miracle".It's not it's not funny, it's not it's not it's not funny, it's not even a miracle.The best sports movie I've ever seen.The best sports movie I've ever seen.The best sports movie I've ever seen.The best sports movie I've ever seen...  not...A.....

is to scary movies what Sesame Street's 'the Count' is to vampires.Hush is to scary movies what Sesame Street's 'the Count' is to vampires.Hush is so awful, even good actors can't save it.Hush is so awful it doesn't even qualify as a B-movie Jessica Lange,..  Good news:  , it

.A.Afghan Star is a moving documentary about the Afghani version of American Idol.Although not groundbreaking in terms of the way it is shot and edited, this is a compelling story and features some excellent archive footage.Although not groundbreaking in terms of the way it is shot and edited, this is..Afghan Star is an entertaining first feature documentary about the Afghani version of American Idol.Although not groundbreaking, this is first

.The Visitor is a film that transcends its subject matter.It's also a film that is a joy to watch.The Visitor is a film that transcends its subject matter.It's a film that is very strong.The Visitor is a film that is very strong.The script is very strong.[Richard Jenkins] gets the role of a lifetime in this powerful second film by writer-director Thomas McCarthy.[The Visitor] is a

and the time.A beautifully made, provocative and very righteous documentary.The film makes most of its points in words, not pictures.A beautifully made, provocative and very righteous documentary.A beautifully made, provocative and very righteous documentary.A beautifully made, provocative and very righteous documentary.A beautifully made, provocative and very righteous the time. the time.The the time.. documentary....

. It's a film that feels like it's been made, not found. It's a film that feels like it was made, not found. It's a film that feels like it was made, not found. It's a film that feels like it was made, not found. It's a film that feels like it was made, not....... ........................

erotic and unsettling tale.It is a mesmerizingly told tale.It is a mesmerizingly mounted, vigorously intelligent and unsettling tale.It is a mesmerizingly mounted, vigorously intelligent and unsettling tale.It is a mesmerizingly mounted, vigorously intelligent and disturbing, and

slapstick comedy and snarling drama.A sloppy, insipid farce.A sloppy, insipid farce.A sloppy, insipid farce.A sloppy, insipid farce.A sloppy, insipid farce.A sloppy, insipid farce.A sloppy, insipid farce.A sloppy, insipid farce.

forgettable, Block Party makes for a transcendent experience. forgettable, Block Party makes for a transcendent experience. forgettable, Block Party makes for a transcendent experience.The music is angry and the jokes are raw but, ultimately, Block Party makes for a transcendent experience.The music is angry and the jokes are raw but, ultimately Block Party Block Party for Block Party... and.

.Majid Majidi's The Song of Sparrows is a warmly involving and entertaining look at the earthy humanity of life in Iran.A.A touching tearjerker that's also a celebration of traditional values against the..A touching tearjerker that's also a celebration of traditional values...with even most and through t... and.........A touching

Fellini's 8 1/2 is one of his best. is one of the best.8 1/2 stands out as a true masterpiece.Fellini has made many masterpieces, but this 1963 Oscar-winner is arguably one of his most brilliant and influential films. is one of the best. is one of the best.Fellini has made many masterpieces, but 8 1/2 masterpiece.............................

in a movie that isn't really a musical.Feste's in a movie that falls flat.Feste's in a movie that falls flat.Feste's in a movie that falls flat.Country Strong is a cynical take on country music.Feste's in..  that in... .......

,, but he manages to make it work. Howard's, but he manages to make the tension work. Howard'ss, but it's never dull.The Dilemma is a mess. It's a mess.It's a mess.It's a mess."The Dilemma" is never dull, but it's also........ bya

and originality is it that it's hard to believe it's a sequel. originality is it originality is it that it's hard to believe it's a sequel at all.The plot is so utterly implausible that it's almost laughable.The action scenes are too loud and too computer-generated to produce any kind of rush originality......... .........,

.A haunting ghost story. a ghost story.A haunting ghost story.With The Devil's Backbone, Guillermo del Toro has created something both traditional and original.A haunting ghost story.With The Devil's Backbone, Guillermo del Toro has created something both traditional and original: a ghost story.A haunting ghost story.With The Devil's Backbone, Guillermo del Toro has created something both traditional and original:

. as Sophie Scholl.The film is anchored by a meticulously crafted documentary, and is anchored by the as Sophie Scholl.The film is anchored by the.The film is anchored by the meticulously crafted documentary, and by the performance of Julia Jentsch.As Sophie, Julia Jentsch is so good, so..................m.a as

, "Earth" is a masterpiece., it's nothing short of spectacular.Earth is a masterpiece. As a wildlife film, it's nothing short of spectacular.Earth is a masterpiece. As a wildlife film, it's nothing short of spectacular.Earth is a masterpiece.As a film, it's a marvel.As a film, it's a marvel.As a film, it is.As a,,

andanscock's "The Blind Side" is a solid sports movie. It's not a Capra movie, but it's a solid one. andThe Blind Side is a solid sports movie. It's not a Capra movie.It's not a Capra movie.It's not a Capra movie.cock..... ........

and  of the facts can their rage be effective. of the facts can their rage be effective. of the facts can their rage be effective.This is a powerful documentary. It's a powerful reminder of the power of collective action.It's also a reminder that, in the end, it's all about the people.An extraordinary portrait of a community in crisis and the response of its activists.[A] vital reminder that, when armed with aa...

.An energizing, intoxicating documentary.If you've never heard of scratching, these guys will educate you as they twiddle and tweak like amped-up octopi.An energizing, intoxicating documentary.If you've never heard of scratching, these guys will educate you as they twiddle and tweak like amped-up octopi.An energizing, intoxicating documentary.

Englund Freddy is still laughing. Englund is still having a killer good time.Somewhere, Englund is still having a killer good time. Englund is still having a killer good time.Somewhere, Wes Craven is laughing up his sleeve, and Englund is still laughing....... ..... Engl

and film is as much a kung fu parody as it is a kung fu musical.Chow is a master of the absurd, and it shows.Kung Fu Hustle is a kung fu parody that's also a terrific kung fu movie.Chow is a master of the absurd, and it shows.Chow is a master of the absurd, and it shows.Chow is a master of the absurd, and it shows.

, The Baader Meinhof Complex is an engrossing portrait of the Red Army Faction, told basically from the terrorists' POV.Brilliantly directed and written by Uli Edel, this takes a fascinating but faithful view of violent urban guerillas told basically from the terrorists' POV.Edel uses documentary tropes to realize his overarching narrative, and the end result is an electrifying, morally complex story of the evil that men do in

it doesn't suggest that spelling has some kind of transcendental importance.This is a film that, unlike the majority of sports films, doesn't suggest that spelling has some kind of transcendental importance................................

.A Turturro and Goodman.Bizarre Hollywood dream factory. Teens only.Bizarre Hollywood dream factory. Teens only.Bizarre Hollywood dream factory. Teens only.Bizarre Hollywood dream factory. Teens only.Bizarre Hollywood dream factory. Teens only.Bizarre Hollywood dream factory. Teens only. Definitely not for everyone.The Coens are among the most eclectic filmmakers around.The Coens are amongs both

.The best thing about Wanted And Desired by Marina Zenovich) was convicted of having sex with a 13-year-old girl.) was convicted of having sex with the girl.) was convicted of having sex with a 13-year-old girl. (The Pianist) was convicted of sexual assault ...  yet   ............

sports film, it's a documentary about a man and his passion for the game. a sports film, it's a documentary about a man and his passion for the game. sports film, it's an inspirational one. sports film, it's an inspirational one.The Heart of the Game is a heartwarming documentary about two high school girls documentary................... ............

Sunset is a worthy sequel to Before Sunrise.It's a richer experience than the original. Sunrise is a worthy sequel to Before Sunset.A worthy sequel to Before Sunrise, this is a thoroughly engaging, well written film with perfect performances from Hawke and Delpy.A worthy sequel to Before Sunrise.A worthy sequel to Before Sunset.A worthy sequel..........................................

